docs: add AKS admission enforcer to known issues (#534)
Azure/azure-workload-identity: docs/book/src/known-issues.md

BODY="{'principalId':'${APPLICATION_OBJECT_ID}','resourceId':'${GRAPH_RESOURCE_ID}','appRoleId':'${APPLICATION_READWRITE_ALL_ID}'}"
az rest --method post --uri "${URI}" --body "${BODY}" --headers "Content-Type=application/json"
```

### Container environment variables not injected into pods deployed to the kube-system namesapce on an AKS cluster

> This isssue was observed on an aks cluster version 1.22. This is due to the [admission control](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/faq#can-admission-controller-webhooks-impact-kube-system-and-internal-aks-namespaces) on the kube-system namespace.
> 
> To overcome this issue an annotation
> 
> ```
> annotations: 
>     admissions.enforcer/disabled: "true"
> ```
> 
>  must be added to the azure-wi-webhook-mutating-webhook-configuration-mutatingwebhookconfiguration.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To protect the stability of the system and prevent custom admission controllers from impacting internal services in the kube-system, namespace AKS has an Admissions Enforcer, which automatically excludes kube-system and AKS internal namespaces. Refer to [doc](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/faq#can-admission-controller-webhooks-impact-kube-system-and-internal-aks-namespaces) for more details.

If you're deploying a pod in the `kube-system` namespace of an AKS cluster and need the environment variables, projected service account token volume injected by the Azure Workload Identity Mutating Webhook, add the `"admissions.enforcer/disabled": "true"` label or annotation in the [MutatingWebhookConfiguration](https://github.com/Azure/azure-workload-identity/blob/8644a217f09902fa1ac63e05cf04d9a3f3f1ebc3/deploy/azure-wi-webhook.yaml#L206-L235).
```
